# Restaurant-Manager  

**Note: Password for Manager page is "1234".**

Restaurant Manager is a point-of-sale service, inventory manager, and data visualization service for a hypothetical restaurant named PizzaLovers.

## Employee Functions

### Landing Page

The landing page is a simple layout that displays information about all orders currently marked as unfulfilled in the database. Clicking the Fulfill Order button will flip this boolean in the database, and remove the order from the landing screen.

### Initializing an Order

The process of creating a new order is started by clicking the Pizza icon on the sidebar. This will pull up two options, "Look Up Customer" and "Create Customer".

Look Up Customer allows the employee to enter an existing customer's phone number as a lookup, and if a match exists in the database, the customer's information will be displayed and a button will appear to link to the order placement screen.

Create Customer displays a form for the employee to create a new customer in the database. Submitting the form will bring the employee to the order placement screen with the new customer designated as the recipient.

### Order Placement Screen

The chosen customer's information is displayed along the top line. Available toppings are clickable buttons in the middle of the screen. The bottom portion of the screen is a Cart, which displays the pizzas currently attached to the order, as well as the current Subtotal, Tax, and Total. Dropdown menus are also provided for choosing what type of order (Delivery, Dine-In, etc) and the chosen Payment Type.

Upon loading the Order Placement screen, the restaurant's inventory is queried. Any toppings that are out of stock will have their button display red. As of 3/20/2019 these buttons HAVE NOT been disabled, the redesign to the HTML and JS this would require is not currently the author's priority. It is however a known bug.

After an order is submitted, it is added to the database, marked as unfulfilled, and the employee is returned to the landing screen.

## Manager Functions

The manager section is accessed by clicking on the Key icon on the sidebar. It is password-protected (As noted above, the password for this implementation is simply "1234").

### Inventory Page

The View Inventory button on the manager page brings the user to a bar graph that displays the available quantity of each ingredient, the 8 toppings as well as Dough, Sauce, and Cheese. Beneath the graph is an input form allowing the manager to add to the inventory. Only numeric inputs are accepted.

### Reports Pages

The Sales Report button brings the manager to a page with a few options for data visualization. Topping Report, Day of Week Sales, and Sales by Order Type all link to graphs that query the database and display the relevant data. These graphs are all able to be filtered by date ranges through the Datepickers beneath the graphs.

### Customer Report, Order Lookup, All Customers, All Orders 

Self-explanatory reports and lookups. Viewing customer information will provide links to the customer's order history. Viewing orders will provide information about the order and the customer associated with it. Tables are displayed using JQuery UI, enabling the reports to be exported to various file types.

## Technology Stack

* Backend through Node and Express
* Database maintained through mySQL, queries handled by Sequelize
* Tables are displayed by jQuery UI
* Data Visualization charts generated by chart.js
* Styling through Bootstrap
